FF4-screen-reader:

Purpose:

Adds NVDA output, pathfinding, sound queues and other accessibility aides to Final Fantasy IV Pixel Remaster.

Known Issues:

Pathfinding range is limited to roughly 31 tiles. This is a limitation within the game itself and not the mod. If a destination is out of range, it will be detected as number of steps and direction, but can not validate a step by step path to it. A guide can help if you get lost, or use teleport.
When maps are still loading, pathfinder may become unresponsive briefly, or claim 0 destinations in all categories.
Teleporting on the world map from a landible vehicle will leave the vehicle where it was left, meaning one will have to teleport back to that area to enter the vehicle again.
Pathfinding    does not work through automatic movement events. If having trouble navigating a dungeon, look for events that move the character automatically and then check the possible destinations from there.
May be an issue at certain parts of the game with item or spell targetting outside of battle where the character order is incorrect. Difficult to reproduce.
Final dungeon uses teleport as a hard requirement. Invisible walls and other traps make it nearly impossible to navigate using the pathfinder.

Install:

Create an account at store.steampowered.com, login, join steam.
Once account is created, install steam download app (should be prompted to do so after account creation.)
Log into desktop app.
to purchase games, the easiest way is to use the web interface. You can search for a game when logged into the browser, purchase it there and will be asked if you want to install your games, which opens the desktop app to finish installation.
Ensure you purchase Final Fantasy IV, the page should mention being remastered in the description.
Install MelonLoader into game's installation directory. Ensure nightly builds are enabled.
https://melonloader.co/download.html
Copy NVDAControllerClient64.dll and tolk.dll into installation directory with game executable, usually c:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\Steamapps\common\Final Fantasy IV PR.
If you created a steam library on another drive, the path will be Drive Letter\Path to steam library\SteamLibrary\steamapps\common\Final Fantasy IV PR.
FFIV_screenreader.dll   goes in MelonLoader/mods folder.

Keys:

Game Keys:

WASD or arrow keys: movement
Enter: Confirm
Backspace: cancel
F1: Toggle walk or run.
F3: Toggle random encounters.

Announcements:

G: Announce current Gil
M: Announce current map.
Shift+M: Toggle map exit filter.
H: In battle, announce character hp, mp, status effects.
I: In configuration menu accessible from tab menu, read description of highlighted setting. In shop menus, reads description of highlighted item.
V: Announce current vehicle.
T: Announce active timers.
Shift+T: Toggle timer freeze.

Pathfinding:

J and L or [ and ]: cycle destinations in pathfinder
Shift+J and L or - and =: change destination categories
K: Announce name of currently selected destination.
Shift+K: Reset destination category to All.
\ or p: get directions to selected destination
Shift+\ or P: Toggle pathfinding filter so that not all destinations are visible, just ones with a valid path.
Ctrl+\: Toggle layer filter to show only destinations on same layer.
Ctrl+Arrow keys: Teleport one tile in that direction.

Audio:

': Toggle footstep sounds.
;: Toggle wall tones.
9: Toggle audio beacons.
F8: Open mod menu.

Status Screen:

up and down arrows read through statistics.
Shift plus arrows: jumps between groups, character info, vitals, statistics, combat statistics, progression.
control plus arrows: jump to beginning or end of statistics screen.

Waypoints:

, and .: cycle waypoints
Shift+, and Shift+.: change waypoint categories
/: get directions to selected waypoint
Shift+/: add new waypoint at current location
Ctrl+/: remove current waypoint
Ctrl+Shift+/: clear all waypoints for current map
Ctrl+.: rename current waypoint
